Translation corrections (#515)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/haji_005.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s23/01/vth_k11145", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「へっへっへ！　どうせ平穏な一日には終わらねぇと覚悟してたからな。",

> 			NULL, "\"Heh heh heh! I came here from the start figuring this day wasn't going to be all sunshine and rainbows.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Heh heh heh! Even from the start, I came here expecting this day wasn't going to be all sunshine and rainbows.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
